How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    stared and compared to find the issue.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    it is time consumming to stare and compare so this makes it much easier to find the bug

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros is you can always go back to a previous version, cons is too many files created for one project space.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I do not know

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    i do not know

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I could always go back to the previous version and start again

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I do not know

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the 
long term?

we can change anything around without being afraid something will stop working because of the change we made.
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

pros means you can keep every change
cons you get to many commits and that gets cluttered

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

for a programmer it will be easier to find changes

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

you see all the version saved and what changed in every version

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I am not afraid to change anything because I can always revert back to an older version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I don't know